Add research data images to the DC landing page image carousel
Descriptive summary Add four research data images to the Digital Collections landing page image carousel. Rationale Currently, there are very few images associated with UC San Diego research data in the Digital Collections landing page image carousel. By adding selected images (shown below), we will increase users' exposure both to Digital Collections as a research data repository and to the tremendous work being done by our researchers and graduate students. Note: Two of the items listed below could replace the Santa Fe Light Cone Simulation and the SIO dredge images, already in the landing page carousel. Expected behavior The content below will be added to the DC landing page image rotation:  dataMares (ecology/biodiversity)  Text to accompany image: From the dataMares: Ecological Monitoring Collection Tracking changes in the structure, function, and health of marine ecosystems in the Gulf of California through annual surveys of fishes and invertebrates at numerous island and coastal sites. Collection by Octavio Aburto-Oropeza, Alfredo Giron-Nava, Raquel Lopez Image file: /rdcp-staging/rdcp-0041-dataMares/Admin/coll images/promonitor.jpg Pixels: 1000 × 662 (if needed, can trim on the bottom)  Catalhoyuk Glimpse (archeology)  Text to accompany image: From the Data from: A Glimpse through Time and Space: Visualizing Social Memory and History-making at Çatalhöyük Collection A 3-D reconstruction of 'Shrine' 10 (level VI phase A) in the South Area of the Neolithic site, Çatalhöyük, in Turkey. Collection by Nicola Lercari, Grant Cox, Gesualdo Busacca, Arianna Campiani, Jad Aboulhosn, and Anaïs Guillem Image file: /rdcp-staging/rdcp-0140-catalhoyuk-glimpse/Working_Files/Version2_2019/Glimpse_Data_2019/S.VIA.10_SE_Render.png Pixels: 3840 x 2160  Data from: Urbanization-induced habitat fragmentation erodes multiple components of temporal diversity in a Southern California native bee assemblage (ecology)  Text to accompany image: From the Data from: Urbanization-Induced Habitat Fragmentation Erodes Multiple Components of Temporal Diversity in a Southern California Native Bee Assemblage Collection One of the bee species (Diadasia opuntiae) surveyed in the coastal sage scrub reserves and habitat fragments of coastal San Diego County. Collection by Keng-Lou James Hung and David A. Holway Image file: /rdcp-staging/rdcp-0080-bee-plant-samples-hung/CLR/Diadasia_opuntiae.JPG Pixels: 1332 × 1067  Data from: Climate change intensification of horizontal water vapor transport in CMIP5 (atmospheric chemistry)  Text to accompany image: From the Data from: Climate Change Intensification of Horizontal Water Vapor Transport in CMIP5 Collection Representation of projected changes to global atmospheric water vapor transport (integrated vapor transport (IVT)), the key link between water source and sink regions. Collection by David A. Lavers, F. Martin Ralph, Duane E. Waliser, Alexander Gershunov, and Michael D. Dettinger Image file: /rdcp-staging/rdcp-0117-cmip5/CLR/Fig3a.JPG Pixels: 987 × 452