Use a Person model for a work's creator instead of a String.  Part of story #961.
This PR includes these changes:   For the creator of a work (or collection), we changed the creator to be a Person model instead of a String.  The Person model is just a standard ActiveFedora::Base record.   The Person model has properties for first_name and last_name.  In the future, there are plans to add properties for ORCID ID, Penn State login, and a list of aliases for different display names.   The work and collection models used to include ::CurationConcerns::BasicMetadata, but now they include ::BasicMetadata instead.  Since the creator property was defined in ::CurationConcerns::BasicMetadata, we can no longer include that file because we need to define that property differently.  As far as I know, there isn't a way to undefine a property on a model.  So, we copied the file over from curation_concerns, and removed the old creator property so that we could re-define it.   On the new/edit form for a work (or collection), adding/removing a creator will now add/remove a set of fields for the associated Person record.  The user has the option to try to find an existing Person record (and the auto-suggest will fill in the creator fields), or they can enter new data (and a new Person record will be created when the work is saved).   For the views, presenters, and solr indexing:  The solr index keys have changed.  The keys are now called creator_name_* because the old keys, creator_* are now used to store the relationship to the Person record.  So now creator_name_ssim will index the Person's first and last name, and creator_sim will index the URI to the Person record.   There is a PersonsController that the javascript uses to query Person names for the type-ahead auto-suggest.   There was some import/export code, mostly under lib/scholarsphere/import and some associated files under spec/fixtures.  We decided not to spend the effort to update that code for the new Person records because that importer isn't being used anymore.  So, we deleted all that code.   Additional Notes:   Note that the User model still exists and is still used for authentication.  The User model has not been changed in any way.  Currently there is no association between a logged in user and a Person record.  If there is a need for an association in the future, you can add a relationship or match the records based on Penn State login.   Currently there is no way for a user to edit an existing Person record.