Bump newrelic_rpm from 4.1.0.333 to 5.3.0.346
Bumps newrelic_rpm from 4.1.0.333 to 5.3.0.346.  Changelog Sourced from newrelic_rpm's changelog.  New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes v5.3.0   Distributed Tracing Distributed tracing lets you see the path that a request takes as it travels through your distributed system. By showing the distributed activity through a unified view, you can troubleshoot and understand a complex system better than ever before. Distributed tracing is available with an APM Pro or equivalent subscription. To see a complete distributed trace, you need to enable the feature on a set of neighboring services. Enabling distributed tracing changes the behavior of some New Relic features, so carefully consult the transition guide before you enable this feature. To enable distributed tracing, set the distributed_tracing.enabled configuration option to true.   v5.2.0   Use priority sampling for errors and custom events Priority sampling replaces the older reservoir event sampling method. With this change, the agent will maintain randomness across a given time period while improving coordination among transactions, errors, and custom events.   Bugfix for wrapping datastore operations The agent will now complete the process of wrapping datastore operations even if an error occurs during execution of a callback.   Span Events Finished segments whose sampled property is true will now post Span events to Insights.   v5.1.0   Rails 5.2 support The Ruby agent has been validated against the latest release of Ruby on Rails!   Support for newer libraries and frameworks    ... (truncated)    Commits  See full diff in compare view     Dependabot will resolve any conflicts with this PR as long as you don't alter it yourself. You can also trigger a rebase manually by commenting @dependabot rebase.  Note: This repo was added to Dependabot recently, so you'll receive a maximum of 5 PRs for your first few update runs. Once an update run creates fewer than 5 PRs we'll remove that limit. You can always request more updates by clicking Bump now in your Dependabot dashboard.  Dependabot commands and options  You can trigger Dependabot actions by commenting on this PR:  @dependabot rebase will rebase this PR @dependabot merge will merge this PR after your CI passes on it @dependabot reopen will reopen this PR if it is closed @dependabot ignore this [patch|minor|major] version will close this PR and stop Dependabot creating any more for this minor/major version (unless you reopen the PR or upgrade to it yourself) @dependabot ignore this dependency will close this PR and stop Dependabot creating any more for this dependency (unless you reopen the PR or upgrade to it yourself) @dependabot use these labels will set the current labels as the default for future PRs for this repo and language @dependabot use these reviewers will set the current reviewers as the default for future PRs for this repo and language @dependabot use these assignees will set the current assignees as the default for future PRs for this repo and language @dependabot badge me will comment on this PR with code to add a "Dependabot enabled" badge to your readme  Additionally, you can set the following in your Dependabot dashboard:  Update frequency (including time of day and day of week) Automerge options (never/patch/minor, and dev/runtime dependencies) Pull request limits (per update run and/or open at any time) Out-of-range updates (receive only lockfile updates, if desired) Security updates (receive only security updates, if desired)  Finally, you can contact us by mentioning @dependabot.