Selection of In Copyright (InC) should trigger rightsholder to become a required field.

it shouldn't be required for InC-RUU: In Copyright - Rights-holder(s) Unlocatable or Unidentifiable
Should this be just for "In Copyright", or also "In Copyright - Educational Use Permitted", and all the other values beginning "In Copyright - *"? (with the exception of "In Copyright - Rights-holder(s) Unlocatable or Unidentifiable" as  mentions).   I can make this so -- but the sufia UI is pretty bad when you press save and fail a validation error. The thing _wasn't_ saved, but it's not obvious it wasn't saved. If you scroll down to the 'rights' section, there is an error message there. That's the only way to know. If you didn't scroll down, you might think you had saved it -- but none of your changes have been saved!  Fixing that aspect of UI is a lot harder, Sufia is just that way. Of course, it can always be done by going in and brute force customizing Sufia.   Thoughts,  ,  ?
Ah, I guess how you'd know is that normally after you save succesfully, you are looking at 'show' page instead of the edit form.   When you couldn't save because of error, you are still looking at the edit form. That's the only way you know your save didn't complete in sufia, unless you scroll down to find the error messages. :(
Hrm... I'm leaning toward just "In copyright" because one specifies "orphan work" so we wouldn't necessary have rightsholder info, and both "educational" and "non-commercial use" would imply that we had some more information on the rights. It would imply that use without contacting the rightsholder is permitted, while still allowing rightsholder info to be added if available.  Open to other preferences though if  and  have other thoughts.
> both "educational" and "non-commercial use" would imply that we had some more information on the rights  This suggests to me that "rights holder" ought to be filled out, if we have more info on the rights!  So maybe `In Copyright`, `In Copyright - Educational Use Permitted`, and `In Copyright - Non-Commercial Use Permitted`?  I don't totally understand what's up with these though, your call!  What do you think about the non-ideal UI when the validation fails, is it acceptable, or do we require sufia customizations to make the validation failure more clearly announced?  (They will be a pain). 
That's fair too, and makes sense to me.  I also think we should have better ways of communicating validation failure, but if it's going to be a pain, maybe that should wait if we ever tackle validation as a larger project? I don't see the non-ideal UI here as a priority because I can communicate to the curator what's going on if they get confused.
 The worst case would be they don't realize it hasn't saved, and lose all their work, without ever seeing any reason to communicate with you about it. That is my worry. 
Wait, if it doesn't save, it doesn't save all other fields either? That's pretty bad...
Is there any way to gray out the save button when this is triggered? The way it currently is when required fields aren't filled out yet.
I don't know, no easy way, it would require some custom JS. I can look into it.   Yes, if validation fails, it doesn't save anything. It would cause worse problems if it somehow saved some fields but not others, potentially leaving you with an inconsistent record in the db. 