Privacy Badger blocks access to IIIF manifests hosted on Californica
As an external researcher, I would like to utilize some of the images hosted on Californica, and embed an IIIF image viewer (such as Universal Viewer or Mirador) on my own web site. However, the very common privacy plugin from EFF, known as Privacy Badger, blocks access to the manifest file hosted on Californica, and thus prevents my site from utilizing the images hosted on Californica. Link which demonstrates the issue (note, you'll need to have Privacy Badger installed in your browser):  If you enable a developer console, you'll see an error similar to this one:  Cross-Origin Request Blocked: The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at  (Reason: CORS request did not succeed).[Learn More]  More info on CORS:  More info on Privacy Badger:  A similar bug report for another project: nolanlawson/pinafore#23 AND, the likely solution:  If we place the EFF DNT Policy text file in a .well-known/dnt-policy.txt file on the Californica site, Privacy Badger should stop blocking access to the manifest file. Credit where credit is due: many of the links above, and the observations, are from fellow developers on the UCLA Library Software Development team. Of particular help were , ,  and .
As an AUL who manages commercial licensing requests, I'm concerned about IIIF opening up the highest quality full images of content for which the UC Regents is the copyright holder. Is Privacy Badger assisting me in protecting the full resolution images, or is this unrelated?
: not related, Privacy Badger is blocking access from the viewer to the manifest file
Here's a link to UCLA-based viewer demos:  
I suspect that Privacy Badger may be a "red herring" in this case. I did a bit more research on the error message posted above "cross-origin request blocked" and found some interesting reading. It would seem that we may need to explicitly allow cross-origin requests to manifest files. One option would be to use the following middleware: 
Privacy Badger was definitely to blame for me with your IIIF test – I turned it off and things worked fine.   But I do think you're right that the CORS thing is a separate issue: privacy badger and CORS are two different things that both block content from other domains, but for different reasons and with different triggers.  I'd like to get CORS figured out so I can point my local UV at the production cantaloupe, but that's probably its own ticket...