Date display in metadata record
Date Created and Date Modified are displaying differently.  Date Created is being pulled in from descriptive metadata, whereas it looks like Hyrax is supplying Date Modified. Here's an example:  Date Created: 1968-07-14 Date Modified: 08/08/2018
This deserves a little explanation:  - As I understand, the Date Modified field is not actually part of our metadata record (we have Date Created, Date Digitized, and Date Published). This is extra administrative data built in to Hyrax. It automatically updates whenever we edit the object, so it always records the last time the digital object was modified in Hyrax. This is useful, but not something we need to keep up to date with a spreadsheet (since it changes every time we make an edit of any kind). This is currently one of the fields that only displays to logged in users, so the public never sees this.  - The Date Created field still needs to be altered to display a prettier, more human readable date. While we can definitely do better than we are currently doing, if we want to really do it right we'll need to do all the work we have planned to store granular dates in Hyrax. For now, it may be better to either live with the current display or add a human readable date to the "DateCreatedFake" field to display instead. If we want to do that, I could automatically add something like "July 14, 1968" to the DateCreatedFake field for every date that is recorded as "1968-07-14". This would of course, a temporary fix until I update the software to handle dates the way we want to.  Thoughts?
Got it.  The issue here is mostly a cosmetic one.  If it's an easy fix, it would be nice to have all the dates (those ingested as part of the descriptive metadata and those supplied by Hyrax) display in the same YYYY-MM-DD format.  Or in other words, could the Hyrax-supplied Date Modified be made to display YYYY-MM-DD vs. how it's displaying now (MM/DD/YYYY)?  If it's a pain, don't worry about it!
I think it is a bit of a pain, unfortunately, but at least it isn't visible to the public. Let's put it off for now, but leave this issue open to remember to deal with it later.  On Fri, Aug 17, 2018 at 2:53 PM, rmjaffe <> wrote:  > Got it. The issue here is mostly a cosmetic one. If it's an easy fix, it > would be nice to have all the dates (those ingested as part of the > descriptive metadata and those supplied by Hyrax) display in the same > YYYY-MM-DD format. Or in other words, could the Hyrax-supplied Date > Modified be made to display YYYY-MM-DD vs. how it's displaying now > (MM/DD/YYYY)? If it's a pain, don't worry about it! > > — > You are receiving this because you commented. > Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub > <>, > or mute the thread > <> > . > 