Batch edit strips "last modified" field of value
On or about 5/15/2019, Hillary noticed a number of visual materials from the Museum's collections populating the "Recently Added" display on the Digital Collections homepage. Since editing a work causes it to be added to the "Recently Added" bucket, she assumed that the records had been edited by the Fine Art Provenance Intern, who is in the process of adding provenance info for these materials. However, upon examining the record for one of the items, Hillary found no discernible changes had been made to the item's metadata and the "Last Modified" field was empty. For example record, see https://digital.sciencehistory.org/works/0p0967780 We originally hypothesized that granting the intern access to all Museum records (see #1252) stripped the "last modified" field of its value. However, @eddierubeiz first ran the rake task in staging and the sample record identified above (0p0967780) retained its "last modified" value in staging. Alternately, before Eddie ran the rake task, Nicole attempted to provide the intern with access to relevant Museum records using the batch edit feature (see #1192). Hillary was able to recreate the bug in staging by granting edit permissions to a small set of records using the batch edit feature; records were subsequently stripped of last modified date. (Also, consistent with existing bug for batch-editing permissions, records were not shared successfully). Nicole and Hillary further tested the batch-edit feature, inputting metadata into several different fields. In all test cases, the metadata input successfully, but the last modified value was stripped from the records. As of 5/20/2019, we determined that the loss of the last modified values does not represent a significant bug to be addressed at this time and can be triaged relative to other priorities. Similarly, this issue uncovered a related bug with records lacking a last modified date improperly populating the "Recently Added" bucket. We determined this bug also can be addressed at a later date.