Right Statement field changes
Remove the version numbers from the names of the licenses that are displayed to the user. Update the actual licenses that gets stored to the newest versions available. The CC licenses should have a link to them in the big bubble. the links to each CC license can be found here:  Related to #343
This is going to be fairly complicated to change since we store urls with version numbers so it'd have to be generated somehow. Also it would not be possible to update the license since the title would be the same fore different versions. Also, all our license versions are up to date. 
Our licenses have the version number in the description bubble. That needs to change. Take a look at the text in the bubble and compare with what you see on the   page:  DigitalHub License Descriptions Creative Commons licenses can take the following combinations, which is what a depositor sees on the page where metadata (descriptions) are entered. Via the drop-down menu, the depositor may select any of the following licenses (these are all described at "About the Licenses" on the Creative Commons site):  Attribution 3.0: CC BY With this license you allow others to "distribute, remix, tweak, and build" on your deposited content - including for commercial purposes - provided they attribute you as the original creator. Attribution-Share-Alike 3.0: CC BY-SA  With this license you allow others to "remix, tweak, and build" on your deposited content, including for commercial uses, provided they attribute you as the original creator AND incorporate the same level of licensing (i.e., CC BY-SA) for the newly resulting creation. "All new works based on yours will carry the same license, so any derivatives will also allow commercial use." Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0: CC BY-ND  With this license you permit "redistribution, commercial and non-commercial," provided the content remains unaltered and intact (i.e., whole) and provided you are attributed as the original creator. Attribution-Non-Commercial 3.0: CC BY-NC With this license you allow others to "remix, tweak, and build" on your content in non-commercial ways. While they must credit you as the original creator and while the remixed, tweaked, or expanded upon content must remain non-commercial, they do not have to apply identical license terms on the new content. Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 CC BY-NC-ND With this license you share your work with others and allow them to download your work, provided they attribute you as the creator and refrain from changing the content in any way and from using it for commercial means. Attribution-Non-Commercial-Share-Alike 3.0: CC BY-NC-SA With this license you allow others to "remix, tweak, and build" on your content in non-commercial ways, provided they give you credit (as the original creator) and also apply the same license level to the newly resulting creations. Attribution-Non-Commercial-Share-Alike-NoDerivs 3.0: CC BY-NC-SA-ND With this license you share your work with others and allow them to download it, provided they attribute you as the creator; they must also refrain from changing the content in any way and from using it for commercial means. Public Domain Mark 1.0  When content is in the public domain, it has no known copyright owner. CC0 1.0 Universal  With this license you are waiving your rights as copyright owner to the content you upload. This means your content may be distributed and reused without attribution, without restriction. CC0 is a license that one applies to one's own work; rarely does one apply it to another's work, unless one has the appropriate rights to do so. Please note: Another license option that is listed is "All rights reserved." With this license you - as the copyright holder - reserve all rights held under copyright law, such as for distribution and creation of derivative works. This means that no one can use your content in a work - such as a presentation or article - or create derivatives from it without your permission.  Close 
Hmm, the linked descriptions are the international versions of the licenses. Now I think that we are out of date by using the latest US licenses. Let's talk about it in person. 
Also per user request please add this license: MIT software license. The link is:   And in the bubble please add this description that Luke found:  (from Wikipedia): It is a permissive free software license, meaning that it puts only very limited restriction on reuse and has therefore an excellent license compatibility. The MIT license permits reuse within proprietary software provided all copies of the licensed software include a copy of the MIT License terms and the copyright notice. 