Expose a way to edit the DOI field/value on a given record
See JIRA for further breakdown
When a user enters a DOI for any given record, upon save of the record there is no longer a way to edit the value in the DOI field.  This is bad if the user makes a mistake entering the DOI value.  Expose some method of allowing the edit of the value in the DOI field in CurateND. 
References #201. 
If possible, the option to edit the DOI string should only apply to user-entered DOIs. 
Agree with  on preference, but I don't know if there's a way to do this as they're all stored in the same field and I'm not sure we want to split them up at that fine-grained a level. Thought  pointed out we may want essentially a local DOI that points to Curate that people may wish to generate AND a DOI that points to an external link. OTOH, that could be a use case for the dc:source element. So guidance, then, perhaps? Or mapping? If someone puts in their own DOI, we map it to source. If someone wants to create a DOI then we map it to the DOI? I think that's a reasonable behavior. CLEARLY I am thinking aloud through this comment so let's talk . 
I don't really have an opinion yet. Whatever we do for externally created DOIs should also handle other external IDs as well, e.g. pubmed ids, arxiv ids, I-don't-know-what-else ids.  Internal ids we would have are DOIs we mint. Aleph system numbers, maybe links to DEC items?  Is this a false distinction? I don't know. Some of these ids are not URLs, but can be made into URLs by prefixing a resolver. If we store such ids as URLs I'm concerned we will forget, or need to parse out the underlying id, and we will want the underlying id so we can unify our records with other feeds we may have, e.g. VIVO, SHARE, web of science, plum analytics, etc. 
DOI is already editable on the standard edit screen. Am I misunderstanding this request? I realize there is some discussion regarding validation on issue 201, but editing is already present. 
Is this not reproducible? It is a year old. Maybe it has been fixed? 
Perhaps we review during QA to see? I'll mark it closed so we can proceed with other open issues. 
DOIs are treated differently than other metadata fields. When creating a new work or editing an existing work that _does not already have_ a DOI the field is editable. When a work _already has_ a DOI the field is no longer editable: [`app/views/curation_concern/base/_form_doi.html.erb`](  DOIs come from two sources: human entered and system generated. We _do not_ want system generated DOIs to be editable. Human entered DOIs _should_ be editable; data entry errors are unavoidable.  To properly address this concern we need to track the _origin_ of the DOI and change the application behavior accordingly. 
Ah, right that was the concern on this... 
Actually, question on the DOI stuff, then, do all our DOIs have something useful like the same prefix in the "doi:10.1594/" (not our prefix) section? 
Checking for that prefix would be a good approximation, and is probably good enough for our use case. But it is not exact since our DOIs are minted using EZProxy, and I think the same prefix starts all the DOI minted by them, not just ours. 