Useful Error Messages
As a curator when I am uploading to the system I want error messages that tell me what is wrong, not vague “there is a problem” error messages so that I can save time. Catherine A.
Too big to be pointed.
Will have to be handled on a case-by-case basis, with useful error messages being built up over time. Requires dialog between stakeholders and devs for each error. No way to predict all possible errors and sometimes the same error is caused by different processes.
Per earlier conversation, adding that error messages should also be created with awareness of the variety of cultures whose materials we may hold, and an awareness that terms frequently used in programming may be insensitive or harmful. For example, the error message that a page cannot be saved due to "illegal characters" is a statement naming some characters as "illegal" when what it should say is that the system cannot understand or handle them. If the system chokes on an "ñ," the error is either a system design issue or an encoding issue. The character both exists in the world and is as distinct from an "n" as an "m" is.  Ideally we'll create systems which can handle characters like "ñ" and also "緯" (latitude), but we should also convey system needs and user tasks in error messages such as, "This page could not be saved due to a character encoding issue. Please ensure your characters are [x format/escaped unicode/ something?] and try again. If still unable to save, please contact X" -- as an example off the top of my head.  See also "Invisible Defaults and Perceived Limitations: Processing the Juan Gelman Files" 
 is this MVP?
This user story applies to all CHO in general. More a philosophical perspective on the application than a discrete, actionable, user story. That said, this sort of things comes with iteration. We'll find out what's unhelpful and work toward making it better. But, if we can do anything up front with MVP, let's try too.
Expanding this ticket to include users with differing abilities and assistive technologies.   During our January 8 accessibility testing with Michelle. An error had a heading with "you have 1 error" and a bulleted list of errors underneath. She stopped when she encountered the heading and said aloud to us,"It didn't tell me what the error was" because there wasn't an audible indication of the error containing more content.