Metadata QA dashboard feature request
Putting in a departing feature request in as  suggested! After login, there's a dashboard called "User Activity" that doesn't show any activity. (I remember when we were on Sufia 6, it showed the recent activities of various users, but it went away in Sufia 7.) Currently, my workflow in QAing metadata from curators is that:  I go into this page-- and every once in a while I click on the usernames of various curators to see if that have any recent activity for me to check.  and/or  I change the search results page to a recently modified sort and see what the recently updated collections/objects are.  It's a very unorganized process, and it'd be nice to have a functioning "User Activity" dashboard back, so I don't have to go to individual profiles to check on a random basis. And then ideally, it would be awesome if the dashboard also showed what the changes were. Currently, the information in User Activity looks like:  User  has updated Bois de Boulogne | 1 minute ago  It would be great if it could at least tell me which fields were updated, or even something like:  Identifier, Accession No. was changed from "2016.10" to "2016.010".
I think it's unlikely we can do this in the current stack, but it's super useful to have it recorded here nonetheless, as a target, for future possibilities.  Thanks !
Would it be sufficient if this was just a universal log that looked the same to everyone, or would it be important for you to be able to mark certain activities as 'seen', like a personal inbox? If that makes sense. 
I think what you want is something I wouldn't really call "user activity", what you want is **object/metadata changes** activity. Maybe?
Just chatted with   in person, and it appears that a very simple list showing 1) which records were recently changed, and 2) which curator made those changes would replace a great deal of the lost functionality. in other words, we might not even have to go into listing what specific fields were changed.
You're right about the "object/metadata changes activity , I was more stuck on the old Sufia terminology/concept. I think a universal log would be pretty sufficient, actually! Personal inbox doesn't seem necessary.
Excellent, because universal log is a lot easier. Although still I think not neccesarily in _this_ stack. But I have ideas for my future fantasy stack, that I have not given up hope on getting to. 