Copy/pasting collections data from PastPerfect causes error when saving work
Text/fields copied from PP below-- 2017.005.002A-B Tasita filter holder/Keystone funnel Dr. Theresa Dankovish A: Blue plastic funnel with B: cap used to hold filter paper.  Funnel is designed to fit on two 2-liter soda bottles (with cap on) or on the top of a jerrycan (without cap). In 2016 Dr. Dankovish's company, Folia Water, developed the Tasita, a filter holder that "fits with a variety of household water collection and storage containers around the world, including two-liter bottles..." -www.foliawater.com Bangladesh; Pittsburgh, PA, United States Folia Water The Folia Safe Water Book and Filter Funnel developed by Dr. Theresa Dankovich was listed in Time Magazine's "The Best 25 Inventions of 2015" and was presented at ACS's 250th national meeting.  The pages of the Safe Water Book are impregnated with silver or copper nanoparticles that kill bacteria as water passes through them.  The invention is intended to be a low cost measure to provide quality drinking water in areas where sources of drinking water are contaminated. Water filter Water purification
We might need to grab a copy directly from pastperfect to make sure we're seeing whatever formatting might be off, if GitHub is scrubbing out the bad newline.
I have PP exports of the record in XML as well as Excel output. If you guys think that will help, I can email/Slack it. Can't attach the file types here. 
That might not be a bad idea.
we think it might be a hidden newline
Problem persisting with record below:    Issue occurred even when just copying/pasting title from PastPerfect.  Copying/pasting text into notepad then pasting from notepad resolved issue.
Note that this bug only seems to be triggered by certain Past Perfect records and may be linked to the source of the original text that was copy and pasted into Past Perfect.
We should try to find the error in our logs/honeybadger to see what it is.  Special characters in Latin1 instead of UTF-8 and/or newlines seem likely. 
With  's assistance, we determined that Past Perfect sometimes includes an invisible line after content, which results in Digital Collections error.  To rectify issue, either copy from bottom up or edit content to remove invisible line before copying and pasting into Digital Collections.
Per 6/10/19 tech check-in, let Eddie and Daniel know next time we encounter an issue and don't update the Past Perfect record so they can glean the data that is incompatible with our system. Hillary recommended searching for updated by "Cook" and Object ID begins with "FA" to narrow in on results that may include error.
Paste the contents of the attached file into the description field of a new work, upload a file to the item (this might be optional), and save the new work to trigger the bug.  [bad_description.txt](  The file contains only plain ASCII characters, plus six \r\n (carriage return followed by line feed) sequences