Error message: Unauthorized: You are not authorized to perform “copy_access” operation on this network. ID: PN89D703D
Patrick Shea received an error message when attempting to edit and save the two records below:   This is the error message he received: “Unauthorized: You are not authorized to perform “copy_access” operation on this network. ID: PN89D703D” When I granted him edit access, this seemed to resolve the issue. Attempted to replicate the problem on the staging site using a user account with the same settings as Patrick's (referred to as outlook login from this point forward).  I first created a record and set the permissions to Institution. I then granted edit access to my outlook login and was able to edit the record and save it when logged in under my outlook account.  I then tried setting it to public with my outlook login having edit access.  This scenario also didn't produce an error when attempting to edit with my outlook login.
Hi, when you say "when I granted him edit access", what did you grant him edit access to?  My first guess was that, in order to add a 'related object', you might need edit access on both objects. But this object has no related objects. I still suspect it is some other associated object. A parent or child object?  A collection?  These things are very hard to debug in our current software, indeed. 
Both of those objects are listed with  (cat) as the "depositor", who has edit access.   In fact, I don't think Patrick _should_ have had edit access, until you gave it to him. There's no reason he would. We have a permission system at the moment where, unless you are an administrator, you have edit access only to those things you originally created, unless you are explicitly given edit access.  Both of these works are registered as originally created by Cat, not Patrick.   If the system gave him an _edit form_, but then wouldn't let him _save_ it, it might be a bug where it should not have given him the edit form at all.   The stuff is messy. And our staff workflow is definitely not great. 
Thanks for asking for clarification, Jonathan. To grant him access to edit the records, I clicked on the "share" tab then under "share work with other users", I chose "edit" access for his username.  Hope that's clearer.  I asked him for more details on the steps he took to receive the errors as well as the time this happened so Dan can check the log. It confuses us that he had edit access, as you mention, as that was not present when I went into the records to add his name.  You are right that there must have been some glitch that happened.  Eddie recommended documenting this in case it happens again.
Update from 1/16/2019: While working with record 5x21tg240, Patrick encountered the same error message and was stripped of editing access to the record. While Patrick was a little fuzzy on what steps he took leading to the error message, he did describe changing the record's visibility to "Private" in an attempt to remove it from his queue and then changing it back to "Institution Only." Info from the Rails Application log around 11:32 am suggests that Patrick encountered the error when he tried to apply a different visibility setting while the first change was still processing. Patrick has been advised not to change visibility settings on records and, if/when the problem recurs, we can address it by re-sharing any affected records with him.