Retain the full FITS output as supplemental preservation file
Story As a Preservation Curator, I want to retain the full FITS output as supplemental preservation file, so that all of the available characterization data is retained for preservation, beyond what Hyrax software captures Acceptance Criteria Use one or more of the following options to provide acceptance criteria. Notes Default Hyrax functionality is to use FITS to generate technical metadata, extract a selection of fields as indexed RDF, but then Hyrax discards the resulting output file (typically an XML file). We want to keep the full output file for staff users to read/download if needed because FITS provides a great deal of useful technical detail. Alternative: would it be possible to keep the FITS file for preservation masters only, and store that on the FileSet as a new use? Links to Additional Information Add links here Checklist   FITS outputs (e.g. XML file) for Preservation Master files assigned to Primary Content FileSets generated during Curate ingest should be kept as a binary file. FITS outputs should NOT be retained for Supplemental Content or Supplemental Preservation FileSets.  If a filenaming scheme is needed, use the filename from the Preservation Master file + append "-FITS", so that users can determine which file the FITS is describing  Retained FITS output binary files should be assigned as a Preservation Master file use to a Supplemental Preservation FileSet  For very complex objects with many similar Primary Content master files (e.g. a book with many pages which are TIFFs), only retain the first instance of a given mime type (e.g. the first TIFF)  Assign the original filename of the categorized file as a suffix to any automatically generated FITS output filenames, to differentiate them (e.g. FITS-originalfilename.xml)  Given/When/Then  Given (some context) and (some other optional context) When (some action is carried out) Then (a set of observable consequences should occur)
Discussed with Rosalyn: this may cause too much complexity related to workflow event sequences. Recommend we make characterization on demand as an enhancement, and allow users to download the FITS (but not automatically storing it). If we do not store FITS, we need to make sure we extract and store as much FITS as possible as File metadata.