Discoverable Compound Objects
Descriptive summary Compound Objects exist in Hyrax by virtue of the work done with PCDM. Then Hyrax was extended to be able to track these compound objects. These compound objects come in many forms. One way it manifests is through a work and its image associated with it. That image is a FileSet object which is nested under the work. FileSets are discoverable by themselves but also from a work with a related FileSet. This was extended even further to be able to support Parent/Child relationships within the system. A parent work could be an article, but a child work associated with that article could be an existing dataset used in the article. That dataset could be a work itself with many different pieces of metadata associated with it. We need to make this relationship more visible to people trying to discover works. Currently, when a search is fired off, works show up in a list format. These works do not show users whether or not that work has children works, filesets, or anything else. It would be useful for users to see maybe if this work was contained in a collection or many collections. Whether or not it is a parent or has a parent. And many other different ways. Some questions that arise are, how far "up" or "down" do we want to display in the hierarchy. We dont want to go too bananas on it, but we also want to provide enough information to help users who are trying to discover and research. This spills into the idea, that maybe we need to overhaul the search result interface, to display many different types of results in different sections. This is definitely an epic ticket that needs more discussion but should serve as a good starting point to figure out the work involved and needed. Expected behavior When a user searches for a work, you get contextual information about its relationship to other objects. Parents? Children? In a collection? Related work Some work may be done in collection extensions that would serve to help support this idea and could be done by others at the point of working on this ticket.
@mccallum another mockup request. this is specifically for the search results page. we need to be able to: - [ ] see, in a search result, some contextual information about parent-child relationships - [ ] be able to determine whether a result is a collection or a work - [ ] if a work is found in a collection, contextualize the search result so that it is apparent that the work was found in the collection  there are probably other considerations here. happy to discuss.   cc @jsimic @petersec 