[10] Design for Collections Landing Pages
Descriptive summary This may or may not be work done in hyrax. There should be the ability to express a collection landing page per collection. This landing page would contain information about the collection. Whats in it? Where did it come from? What is its significance? Some sort of description of the collection. It should also have representative images associated with the collection. These should be displayed on the landing page in a carousel like rotation. These have already been implemented in OD and are a very important piece of displaying a collection for users to see. This collection landing page needs to be accessible from a list of collections somewhere in OD2. Expected behavior When the collection is visited, all the information associated with the collection will be displayed on its landing page. ###Related Issues #42
https://sketch.cloud/s/mEz3z/Qbpokae
@petersec @jsimic @wickr and everyone - can folks put some eyes on the collection showpage work for feedback?   @mccallum do you think this is ready to implement or is this still in progress?
I'm concerned that the text, including Browse and Advanced, disappear against the banner. Is the banner static or a slideshow like OD1? Can we split the banner?
I agree that the text gets a bit lost against the graphic, especially Browse and Advanced. Perhaps a solid background behind the all text/link elements is a solution? Also, in this design is there a word count limit for the intro text? (looks to me like the text used on the actual yearbooks showpage is cut off in the sketch)   Not sure how useful the Latest Items feature would be. From the OSU side, and with a few notable exceptions, once a collection is launched it's pretty well finished. I could see a "Most Viewed" feature having a bit more utility, though its presumably harder to create that. Another idea might be to use that bottom space for some sort of public display of collection stats or analytics.  I like the branding though -- it's obviously an OSU collection -- and the search dropdowns at the top. 
@mccallum can you take those feedbacks into account for some revisions?
Is there an option of using the OSU logo and wordmark in their horizontal orientation within the logo spot? Like whats on oregonstate.edu but without the full width orange bar. There's a lot of vertical space used in the current sketch.  What about Collections that have supporting pages, where are links to those going? Below 'Browse/Advanced' ?  I don't like that the Collection Search box is larger than the Collection Title. Also no indication or prompt of what exactly that is.  Are long Collection Titles going to wrap in that column?  Latest Items is fine, but some Collections will still need the Carousel or other similar way to feature highlighted items.  What to things in Latest Items look like when Documents or other items and not the standard photo landscape layout?
@vantuyls Certainly. I'm not content with it. Franny, Ray, and I are meeting Thursday for some role/responsibility clarification and refinement to align yearly job objectives with OD2, along with a spot of spirit elevation for me. :) Might make a little presentation in PMOP after that.
Also are we not having Facets on these pages? 