Ordered Works on Collection Showpage Implemented
Descriptive summary Ordered metadata has a lot of moving parts. There has been a lot of work done in SA surrounding this, but here is the gist. There are some fields thats data is ordered. Like for instance creator. There could be a creator that is considered the primary creator, and all the other creators show up behind that in order of contribution date. This order is very important to the work and to the metadata and folks using that work. It is important that we allow for that order to be established and maintained. Like previously said, there has been done in SA by the team and there are several PRs that are associated with it. This work is going to be most likely the bulk of work in this stage of OD and time needs to be taken to thoroughly and fully implement this feature. We need to or may have already identified which fields are ordered. We need to refer to the MAP about that. Also, we need to make sure that we pay careful attention to the predicates associated with these nested ordered terms. The data associated with this is indeed nested and Fedora has a hard time with that, so there are some heavy customizations around being able to support nested data. Expected behavior A user can duplicate an ordered field and rearrange those pieces of data in the proper order. An order is assigned to each field and on save, the order is persisted on the nested ordered objects associated with that work. When the show page is visited, the data is displayed in the proper order. Editing needs to work the same. Related work https://github.com/osulp/Scholars-Archive/pull/1554/files This is the PR that implements Ordering on one field. This will supply some of the barebones work that can get ordering to work. There are also some bug fixes and changes that have occurred over time so make sure to check the most up to date files in SA when porting this work over. There are also heavy JS customizations done and close attention will need to be paid to that.
Valkyrie 1.2.0 now supports metadata ordering: https://github.com/samvera-labs/valkyrie/wiki/Using-Types#ordering-values If we end up using the valkyrie gem in OD, for creator or authors, we could use something like ``` attribute :authors, Valkyrie::Types::Set.meta(ordered: true) ```