Update to selection of thumbnail and representative image(s) functionality
During a metadata training session on 6/22/18, a question arose about the distinction between an image selected to serve as a "thumbnail" and an image selected to serve as "representative media" under the "file manager" settings. Subsequent discussion confirmed that "thumbnail" is intended to show up on the search page, while "representative media" is intended to show up on the main item page. However, testing revealed that the feature is not functioning in this way: while users CAN select different images to serve as "thumbnail" and "representative," the image selected as "representative" overrides the "thumbnail" selection and shows up on both the search and main item pages. Per @jrochkind, it's likely that the distinction between "representative" and "thumbnail" accidentally broke during overhaul of the front-end UI.  Going forward, it may be possible to eliminate one of the radial buttons or make the selection of a thumbnail trigger selection of the same image as representative and vice versa to eliminate user confusion. However, concerns about ongoing maintenance to customized code, increased difficulty of upgrading/migrating to other Samvera software, and no documented use cases for selecting different images as  "representative" and "thumbnail" make this a low-priority issue.
Update: at DCC meeting on 6/28/2018, Ashley suggested a potential use case for selecting different images to serve as thumbnail and representative media: for books, a curator may want to select an enticing image as the thumbnail, while setting the title page as the representative media. Food for thought in terms of prioritization and whether we want to revisit this functionality at a later date. 
I am not surprised someone can think of a place they might want to do it if asked to brainstorm any possible place they might want to do it. I still suspect it will be confusing to the user to click on a thumb and then get an entirely different image after click. 
@jrochkind I don't necessarily disagree with you, but I think that Ashley's is a credible use case to consider. For now, though, I'm still keeping this on the back-burner until seeing if and how catalogers are using the feature (up until now, most use came from Cat and myself). 
Totally. It's a use-case to consider, but I wonder if, before implementing, we might want to do some user testing to see if it  confuses users to click on a thumb, and then, in the resulting page, see a completely different image than the one they clicked on. I would be worried it might. 