Image viewer
This is pulled on top of work_show_page branch. It's not quite done, but close. UI to note:  Still no high-res images, so you can't actually zoom in very far. tab-to-link nav works on show page and viewer. (mostly, I think). This was surprisingly challenging, but worth it! Try out the "full screen" button especially on a large desktop display. How's that for interacting with a text?!? Keyboard shortcuts, click the keyboard button to see em Yes, I'm not totally happy with the bottom nav bar either, but haven't come up with something better, and I feel like running out of budgetted time on this, have to move on to something else, probably good enough for now. There is a bug in header/footer layout on show page I still need to figure out.  I am most interested in if you can find any bugs, things that don't work right, rather than feedback on colors/spacing/layout/etc.  The bugs are higher priority of course! Technical things I need to look into:   Google analytics  Fix on IE11. (Postponing IE10 for now, decided it's okay it doesn't)  Non public members should not show up for the public. See #575  bug where next doc right after opening the viewer doesn't update url  reorganize class and id names to be consistent, all start with viewer-.  Escape on an open popup menu should close the menu not the viewer  There is a bug in header/footer layout on show page I still need to figure out.  next/prev buttons not vertically centered on FF  need a loading spinner on page image change, especially once we're using slower riiif  next/prev scroll to thumb should be more gentle  remember focused image on show page keep it focused when you close viewer (better for keyboard nav)  for a child work with a long title, it pushes the rest of the viewer buttons off screen for me for ex:   for the same work as above, when i click on the 2nd or 3rd (or any) child work, it always brings up the representative work instead, this doesn't happen for a work with only files  thumbs wrapping at one thumb instead of two in hard to repro way