[Security] Bump rubyzip from 1.2.1 to 1.2.2
Bumps rubyzip from 1.2.1 to 1.2.2. This update includes security fixes.  Vulnerabilities fixed Sourced from The Ruby Advisory Database.  Directory Traversal in rubyzip rubyzip version 1.2.1 and earlier contains a Directory Traversal vulnerability in Zip::File component that can result in write arbitrary files to the filesystem. If a site allows uploading of .zip files, an attacker can upload a malicious file which contains symlinks or files with absolute pathnames "../" to write arbitrary files to the filesystem. Patched versions: >= 1.2.2 Unaffected versions: none    Commits  d07b13a Merge pull request #376 from jdleesmiller/fix-cve-2018-1000544 fd81bd5 Bump version to 1.2.2 cf35774 Bump version to 1.3.0 ffb374c Bump version to 2.0.0 8a1de58 Expand from root rather than current working directory 3dd165b Disable symlinks and check for path traversal ffebfa3 Consolidate path traversal tests 9c468f3 Add jwilk's path traversal tests 0586329 Trigger CI again cf71583 Move jruby to allow failures matrix till crc uint 32 issues are resolved Additional commits viewable in compare view     Dependabot will resolve any conflicts with this PR as long as you don't alter it yourself. You can also trigger a rebase manually by commenting  rebase.  Note: This repo was added to Dependabot recently, so you'll receive a maximum of 5 PRs for your first few update runs. Once an update run creates fewer than 5 PRs we'll remove that limit. You can always request more updates by clicking Bump now in your Dependabot dashboard.  Dependabot commands and options  You can trigger Dependabot actions by commenting on this PR:   rebase will rebase this PR  merge will merge this PR after your CI passes on it  cancel merge will cancel a previously requested merge  reopen will reopen this PR if it is closed  ignore this [patch|minor|major] version will close this PR and stop Dependabot creating any more for this minor/major version (unless you reopen the PR or upgrade to it yourself)  ignore this dependency will close this PR and stop Dependabot creating any more for this dependency (unless you reopen the PR or upgrade to it yourself)  use these labels will set the current labels as the default for future PRs for this repo and language  use these reviewers will set the current reviewers as the default for future PRs for this repo and language  use these assignees will set the current assignees as the default for future PRs for this repo and language  use this milestone will set the current milestone as the default for future PRs for this repo and language  badge me will comment on this PR with code to add a "Dependabot enabled" badge to your readme  Additionally, you can set the following in your Dependabot dashboard:  Update frequency (including time of day and day of week) Automerge options (never/patch/minor, and dev/runtime dependencies) Pull request limits (per update run and/or open at any time) Out-of-range updates (receive only lockfile updates, if desired) Security updates (receive only security updates, if desired)  Finally, you can contact us by mentioning .